Update UPGRADE.md (#1891)
laravel/passport: UPGRADE.md

As a consequence of this change, the `'passport.client_uuids'` configuration property has been removed, as well as the `Passport::clientUuids()` and `Passport::setClientUuids()` methods.

> > If you plan to update the type and value for `client_id`, then all issued tokens will become invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Changing the client ID in the database will invalidate all tokens previously issued for that client, as tokens are bound to the original client identifier.
```

Author: @hafezdivandari thanks
